Since this is our last sprint ill reflect over the  course as a whole in some of the points

My main goal is still to learn how to work better as a group, I think I learned alot through out this course, what works well, what does not work so well, and how to learn from previous sprints and improve going further. But I still think I can improve alot at structuring sprints, although im not a 100% certain what could improve but I feel like I can get alot better at it and to do that I think I get more experience by planning more sprints.

Since the level of the team was quite similar in the end for me to teach someone something new I most likely have to become more familiar with the subject myself, there are probably some suject where this is not the case but there are not very many of them.

Since this was our last sprint we didnt want to start any new user stories or big changes in the application but cleanup code and finish the last few tasks we had left. I think this went very well, and I while I think we can improve at doing this its not the most important part to improve at since it is the last thing you will do in your project. I think its more important to improve at planing sprints and dividing up the work so that you can get as much done as possible and to do that its very important to have clear communication in the team.

This week I helped fixing the search button and helped adding comments to the code as well as cleaning up code that is no longer needed. Since the work this week was mostly clean up I think I did a good job. However I think adding comments should be done when you write the code and not at the end of the project this is something I have to get better at, its easy for me to complete a task see that it works, and move on to the next one without adding any explanation of what any of the code actually does, and by not adding the comments when you write the code you just make it harder for your self later since you need to look through all the classes and interfaces to find the ones that are missing comments which takes alot of time, and we could have spent that time doing something else, like working more on the final report.  
